at once kind of exploring I was doing a
movie called Bones and all I was trying
to do research oh yeah my producer's
favorite no way yeah I haven't seen met
yep that guy Zach is his name and he
loves it yeah he really loves it no way
so I I'd wandered there um and uh this
time got a better sense of it but it's a
great City huh yeah it's a good place
it's like a little city it's like a
little City kind of like a fancy little
city it's almost like the Jean banet of
cities kind of like d you know look at
this outfit kind of you know but
dangerous at the same but has like kind
of like an element of like mystery kind
of that's a kind of a weird example no
but you're not are you from there no I'm
from Louisiana but but Nashville here's
what it is it's safe it's nice people
are friendly um you can't cheat on your
wife there so it's not cuz the city's
too small too small okay you couldn't
take your wife or spouse or significant
other um you couldn't even yeah like and
you couldn't take them to dinner or
something and not see somebody that
would know one of you or them